SCN/README.md, before:

# Robust Single Image Super-Resolution via Deep Networks With Sparse Prior
```
@ARTICLE{7466062,
  author={Liu, Ding and Wang, Zhaowen and Wen, Bihan and Yang, Jianchao and Han, Wei and Huang, Thomas S.},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Image Processing}, 
  title={Robust Single Image Super-Resolution via Deep Networks With Sparse Prior}, 
  year={2016},
  volume={25},
  number={7},
  pages={3194-3207},
  doi={10.1109/TIP.2016.2564643}}
```

 The citation for the paper is found above, with the offical github repository found here: https://github.com/huangzehao/SCN_Matlab

### Summary:
This paper explores using samples from a single 2D image (in the form of patches) and treating them as seperate images for the sake of training a model (`SCN`). Using the assumption that natural images can be sparsely represented, the model trained seeks to find a sparse representation of the patches for use in interpolation (creating the SR image).

The model functions by taking a 2D image which has had it's resolution increased through the use of bicubic interpolation (creating an image of dimensions `x-by-y`) and breaking it into a series of `n-by-n` 2D patches. Each patch is then run through the model and the resulting output patches are reassembled into back into an image. This resulting image idealy has information added.

```mermaid
  flowchart LR
  idz["Orig. img:[x/2,y/2]"] --> idb["BiC Interp."] --> id1["2D img:[x,y]"]
  id1["2D img:[x,y]"] --> id2["patch_1 : [n,n]"] --> id0["SCN"] --> id6["patch_1 : [n,n]"] --> id10["2D img:[x,y]"] 
  id1["2D img:[x,y]"] --> id3["patch_2 : [n,n]"] --> id01["SCN"] --> id7["patch_2 : [n,n]"] --> id10["3D img:[2x,2y,z]"]
  id1["2D img:[x,y]"] --> id4["..."] --> id02["SCN"] --> id8["..."] --> id10["2D img:[x,y]"]
  id1["2D img:[x,y]"] --> id5["patch_z : [n,n]"] --> id03["SCN"] --> id9["patch_z : [n,n]"] --> id10["2D img:[x,y]"]
```
This model can also be trained for differnet changes in magintude of resolution (`x3`, `x4`, etc.), but my implementation only deals with `x2`.

### Class report:
For a more detailed description on what is done in this model, read the report I wrote for class in the `supp_material` directory: `lawrence_sparse.pdf`


## File list:
```
./supp_material
    /lawrence_sparse.pdf
    /SCN_BSD_final.p : file containing weights for BSD100-trained model, loaded in the MRI_SCN.ipynb when instantiating the BSD100-trained model
    /MRI_run_SGD_v100_57.p : file containing weights for MRI-trained model, loaded in the MRI_SCN.ipynb when instantiating the MRI-trained model
    /test_images.zip : zipped MRI images for testing the MRI-trained model

./gen_SCN.ipynb : notebook for a generalized SCN model, which accepts a wide variety of inputs

./image_generation.ipynb : notebook for generating training and testing image patches from both pngs and nii files

./MRI_SCN.ipynb : notebook containing both the BSD100 trained model and the MRI-trained model, also includes the training and testing functions
```

Commit message:

make sure code from notebook fully runs

SCN/README.md, after:

# Robust Single Image Super-Resolution via Deep Networks With Sparse Prior
```
@ARTICLE{7466062,
  author={Liu, Ding and Wang, Zhaowen and Wen, Bihan and Yang, Jianchao and Han, Wei and Huang, Thomas S.},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Image Processing}, 
  title={Robust Single Image Super-Resolution via Deep Networks With Sparse Prior}, 
  year={2016},
  volume={25},
  number={7},
  pages={3194-3207},
  doi={10.1109/TIP.2016.2564643}}
```

 The citation for the paper is found above, with the offical github repository found here: https://github.com/huangzehao/SCN_Matlab

### Summary:
This paper explores using samples from a single 2D image (in the form of patches) and treating them as seperate images for the sake of training a model (`SCN`). Using the assumption that natural images can be sparsely represented, the model trained seeks to find a sparse representation of the patches for use in interpolation (creating the SR image).

The model functions by taking a 2D image which has had it's resolution increased through the use of bicubic interpolation (creating an image of dimensions `x-by-y`) and breaking it into a series of `n-by-n` 2D patches. Each patch is then run through the model and the resulting output patches are reassembled into back into an image. This resulting image idealy has information added.

```mermaid
  flowchart LR
  idz["Orig. img:[x/2,y/2]"] --> idb["BiC Interp."] --> id1["2D img:[x,y]"]
  id1["2D img:[x,y]"] --> id2["patch_1 : [n,n]"] --> id0["SCN"] --> id6["patch_1 : [n,n]"] --> id10["2D img:[x,y]"] 
  id1["2D img:[x,y]"] --> id3["patch_2 : [n,n]"] --> id01["SCN"] --> id7["patch_2 : [n,n]"] --> id10["3D img:[2x,2y,z]"]
  id1["2D img:[x,y]"] --> id4["..."] --> id02["SCN"] --> id8["..."] --> id10["2D img:[x,y]"]
  id1["2D img:[x,y]"] --> id5["patch_z : [n,n]"] --> id03["SCN"] --> id9["patch_z : [n,n]"] --> id10["2D img:[x,y]"]
```
This model can also be trained for differnet changes in magintude of resolution (`x3`, `x4`, etc.), but my implementation only deals with `x2`.

### Class report:
For a more detailed description on what is done in this model, read the report I wrote for class in the `supp_material` directory: `lawrence_sparse.pdf`


## File list:
```
./supp_material
    /lawrence_sparse.pdf
    /SCN_BSD_final.p : file containing weights for BSD100-trained model, loaded in the MRI_SCN.ipynb when instantiating the BSD100-trained model
    /MRI_run_SGD_v100_57.p : file containing weights for MRI-trained model, loaded in the MRI_SCN.ipynb when instantiating the MRI-trained model
    /test_images.zip : zipped MRI images for testing the MRI-trained model

./gen_SCN.ipynb : notebook for a generalized SCN model, which accepts a wide variety of inputs

./image_generation.ipynb : notebook for generating training and testing image patches from both pngs and nii files

./main.ipynb: notebook for the implementation of the model on the Set14 png image set as well as the ABIDEII-BNI1 mri dataset

./MRI_SCN.ipynb : notebook containing both the BSD100 trained model and the MRI-trained model, also includes the training and testing functions

```
